My whole life I wanted to be a teacher, it was very gratifying, but yet there was something
that was empty in my life.
I would see children that were disabled.
Not because they had done anything wrong, they were just born that way, and I thought
to myself, that doesn't make sense to me.
God is a God of love.
I know God could fix all these things.
Why hasn't He?
And then it was a child in my school that successfully got me the answers to my questions.
She asked me the question, do you know I'm one of Jehovah's Witnesses?
Would you like to know more about Jehovah's Witnesses?
And I thought to myself, I do, I really do.
Why don't you come over and visit me someday and tell me about Jehovah's Witnesses?
When she came back the next week, I sat there and listened, and she taught me things.
She taught me how to look into my own Bible, to find the answers to questions.
And all of this Sutton, I'm getting answer after answer after answer, which for 25 years
I couldn't find these answers anywhere, and it was amazing to me.